-Did you buy a new album?
-No, I didn't.
White, nice.
Well, it's about time.
I'm kind of nervous.
Hey, pal!
You. You!
You, blondie.
You were looking up at that high
school girl's panties, weren't you?
You should know better at your age.
It's a crime.
You peeping pervert!
Give us your wallet...
...or we'll call the police
after beating you up.
Now, here is the question:
Who is going to get killed?
Me, a pervert with
a second-degree black belt...
...or the pathetic pair
who are, unfortunately...
...trying to swindle money out of me?
Now, which is it?
Hey, Eikichi, where are you?
Oh, Ryuji. Thanks for picking me up!
Shit. I didn't realize
it was this late.
Sorry, guys. Thanks for the money.
Next time you try to extort money,
be careful.
-Let's go, Ryuji.
-Wait!
It's not even funny to be late
from day one. I'm gonna speed up.
Only today. Why do I need
to give you a ride?
Come on.
We are best buddies, aren't we?
It's been six years
since we came out to Tokyo.
Now you are in charge of a store.
What a change!
Look who's talking.
I can't believe what you're doing.
About what?
Stupid! Student teaching, what else?
You, of all people,
trying to be a teacher!
Student teaching!
It gets me excited!
A bunch of innocent high school girls.
I can't wait!
Onizuka-sensei,
please explain this to me.
Where is it?
Right here.
What? Where?
Right here. Here.
Such good stuff could happen.
It's just out of this world!
Seriously!
Okay, I see.
Wow, that is amazing.
Right, isn't it amazing?
So, please let me go today.
I'll be a public servant like you.
I'll introduce a girl to you.
Now, you sign here.
That's why....
My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose
Until we reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm in the coolest driver's high
Toward the best finish
Musashi-No-Kita High School
-See you.
-Yeah.
There are boys too,
but he only sees the girls.
Gosh, lively gals with super
miniskirts everywhere. Good!
-Teacher!
-Calm down, calm down.
Excuse me.
Underwear!
Aren't you a teacher?
Yes. Teacher. Right, I'm a teacher.
So, what do you need
from the teacher?
Could you give me the ball
at your feet?
What--? Oh, I didn't notice.
Silly me!
-Here you go.
-Thank you very much, teacher!
This is like a dream.
You already have your eye on someone?
Who is it?
Don't use such a threatening voice.
I am Hidero Osawa. I am a student
teacher like you. How is it going?
Really? You too?
Third time? You're repeating
student teaching so many times!
-Well, there are various reasons.
-Various?
These, these.
13 girls the year before last.
20 last year, I gobbled.
Gobbled....
You mean the female students.
Hey, of course it was mutual.
Teach me. How did you...?
Well, there are all kinds of--
We're going to be late.
Well, let's keep up.
In this career it is possible to
marry a 16-year-old girl in your 40s.
In my 40s...16-year-old....
I will teach you the techniques later.
Master!
Student teaching is part
of the college curriculum.
But our students won't view it
that way. Please be cautious.
If you have questions,
please ask your homeroom teacher.
Please don't get into trouble
during the two-week period.
Though I feel somewhat responsible
as a homeroom teacher...
...this class is quite
a piece of work....
In my 40s, 16-year-old bride.
In my 40s....
Welcome home, teacher!
Would you like a bath? Or dinner?
Age 40
Oh, Yoriko!
Oh, no, not here.
No, teacher!
Every man's dream.
When I am 50, she's in her 20s.
When I'm 60, she is in her 30s.
The peak of her womanhood.
Here we are.
Good morning, everyone!
What a bunch of....
Where am I?!
16-year-olds-- What is this
frumpy Long Skirt Legion?
Why aren't there teenagers
with miniskirts and ganguro?
Onizuka-sensei,
I will leave the rest to you.
What? Wait!
I am Onizuka.
I would like to enjoy
the coming two weeks...
...with you.
You aren't listening. Bastards!
Damn it! What a bunch of turkeys!
I wanna kill them! If I didn't have
an obligation as a teacher, I would--
What? What is it?
What do you want from me?
A handshake? Of course, you want
to make friends with me.
That's cute, though
your face is not cute.
Good job, Takeda.
Leader of harassing student teachers!
What is it, teacher?
What are you holding?
-Are you gonna punch someone?
-Hey, way to go!
Oh, no, are you gonna stop?
Go ahead. Punch me.
Right here is fine. Do it hard.
If you do, I'm gonna run
to the board of education!
We'll also talk to the media!
Teacher.
Excessive corporal punishment!
The scoop from a real classroom.
That's a great idea!
What bad luck! Isn't Class O
with a bunch of delinquents?
I can't stand it.
I might kill them tomorrow.
Take it easy. I will send
a cute girl along from my class.
What about you, Momoi?
Crappy! The worst bunch of weirdos!
They stare at me and up my skirt.
That's too bad.
In my class, the teacher is the worst.
He is pretty annoying.
The students in my class are all nice.
I didn't ask you.
I don't know how many are seriously
thinking about becoming teachers.
But we shouldn't have
much hope for education.
Kids nowadays are screwed up
with bullying and drugs.
Teachers should keep their distance
and collect their pay.
That's right. If you are
too serious, you get screwed.
A quote from
The Apology for Socrates by Plato:
"I believe that
I don't know what I don't know.
This simple fact makes me superior."
This statement by Plato is--
Hey, hey, isn't that
what Socrates said?
Making mistakes
as if you were a teacher!
He is just a college student?
Must be from a third-rate college.
What Socrates is saying....
Those bastards! Just mumbling away.
I wish I could kill them.
Kill them!
-Does anyone understand?
-Yes.
Oh, you....
Socrates says that
humility in a truth seeker leads to...
...proper self-awareness.
Is that so? Wait.
Oh, yeah. That is correct!
Thank you for yesterday.
I am glad you came to our class.
I'm Nanako Mizuki.
Please call me Nana.
TEACHER BANZAI
Oh, she is absolutely awesome.
She is out of this world!
-Stupid.
-Onizuka there, Ryuji Danma!
Pay attention
to what I have to say.
Well, I am sorry to put
a damper on your story...
...but what Osawa
might have a point.
What do you mean?
You are the dauntless
and powerful Eikichi.
It's unreasonable to expect
that you'd become a decent teacher.
I don't think all the young kids
today are screwed up.
But if you get too involved...
...you might get yourself
in trouble and get fired.
Finally, a path has opened up for me
to become the greatest teacher.
Leave me alone.
I will keep at it and succeed.
You used a stand-in to get
your high school certification.
You should not be talking about it.
I, the teacher, will get mad!
Dear sweet teacher....
I should hurry home
to get ready for tomorrow.
You are Mizuki.
Teacher.
What are you doing here
so late at night?
I had some trouble with my parents.
So I ran away from home.
I don't have any place to go.
Ran away? Well, you....
Teacher, welcome home.
A bath first? Or...?
A 16-year-old bride!
I don't have to wait till I am 40.
Teacher, is anything wrong?
No, nothing.
Let me spend the night at your place.
TEACHER BANZAI
You must be hungry. Can you wait
while I make sukiyaki for you?
The broth for sukiyaki
is hard to perfect.
You have to be careful
with the meat flavor.
Let me taste.
Teacher, I won't look.
Put some comfortable clothes on.
It would have been nice
if there was a portable stove.
Maybe I will bring one
from home next time.
Sukiyaki is my favorite food.
Do you not like sukiyaki?
No, it's not that.
A bachelor like you probably
wouldn't cook sukiyaki.
Right. It's kind of hard to cook
sukiyaki for just one person.
That's right.
My family....
My dad owns a franchise
of Japanese restaurants.
And my mom owns
four import goods stores.
Daddy said to have a matchmaking
meeting after I finish college.
He said I should meet
an heir to a huge company.
That's no joke. I don't want to.
Let me marry Nanako.
Sweetie, this is the gross sales
from last month.
One billion. Less than I expected.
We'll do better next month.
Why am I having such delusions?
What's wrong?
Nothing. So, that's why
you ran away from home?
I want to be free. I don't want
to return to that house.
Mizuki....
I don't care about anything anymore.
I wanted to leave such a cold family.
I thought about just obeying them
and accepting an arranged marriage.
I don't know what
to do anymore, teacher.
What do I do?
I do have these feelings.
I shouldn't be doing this now.
But I will probably succeed.
What's wrong? Are you hot?
Teacher.
Sorry!
I got it! What a scoop!
What an outrageous thing
you did, Onizuka-sensei!
We can sell the photos
for megabucks to a magazine.
I'd say, for a million or so.
What are you gonna do, teacher?
Mizuki, you....
Teacher, I'm sorry.
They said I would get my share.
Don't forget to eat the sukiyaki.
If these photos get out,
you'll never become a teacher.
We'll give you a week.
Bring us a million yen.
Otherwise, we will scatter
these around.
He is speechless.
Mizuki!
Was this your intention
from the beginning?
Was it all acting?
Why would I go to a teacher for help?
Idiot! You were dreaming.
You are just a teacher.
See you later. A million, okay?
The expression on his face
was priceless!
He looked like a carp
with its gaping mouth.
Mizuki was excellent.
It was the best acting ever.
I almost cried just watching her.
We need to thank her.
Can't beat a million yen.
Too noisy! Your motorcycle!
What did you say?
Are you fighting us, the Silver
Fly Trio from Kichijoji East?
You bastards.
Do you know where you are?
Are you saying we are noisy
at our own meeting place?
So how are you gonna settle this?
We didn't know.
Please forgive us.
Didn't know? You must be
underestimating us.
Onizuka!
That's....
Stop it. Don't challenge him!
Boss!
He is Eikichi Onizuka, of the
legendary Onibaku Group from Shonan.
He destroyed
the legendary Midnight Angel!
Did you know?
Please excuse us.
What have you done to them?
Nothing. Not yet....
Is that so? Good.
Teacher!
These guys are...
...my...
...prey!
Lift them up!
How do you like the pond water
in Inokashira Park? Isn't it good?
Please don't kill us, Onizuka-sensei.
Don't worry. I'm not gonna kill you.
We haven't done the crotch-splitter,
burning-at-the-stake or sandbag hell yet.
You are a teacher, aren't you?
How could you torture your students?
No whining!
You call me teacher and become
my students when it's convenient.
Don't underestimate me, you bastards!
Teachers are human too.
They have times when they get mad
and blow their tops!
Besides, I am not
officially a teacher yet.
Forgive us.
We will never do it again.
Why don't we take down
the barrier just once?
The annoying barrier between
a teacher and student.
It all depends on
the relationship between people.
But if one side whines...
...the relationship
does not hold water.
You wipe your own ass.
That's the attitude
we all should have as humans.
Teacher!
Okay, let's keep going!
You bastards! If I don't get to be
a teacher, it would be all your fault.
I will show you a living hell
for the rest of your life.
Here are your draft beers.
Wow, unbelievable.
Then you hung them upside down in
Inokashira Park on Saturday night?
I don't believe it's something
a teacher would do.
By Monday it'll be big news.
-Maybe I will get fired.
-No question about it, stupid!
Where in the world would you find
a teacher who tortures his students?
16-year-old bride at the age of 40.
What are you gonna do?
Everyone is panicking
because there aren't enough jobs.
Who'd hire a former gang member...
...and third-rate college graduate
with a history of violence?
Maybe they would.
Those yakuza scouts seem to be looking
at you with intense interest.
Don't look!
If our eyes meet, I'll get hired.
Thank you for coming!
Are you okay?
Why are you so eager to be a teacher?
You should give up.
Teachers don't get paid well
and have many problems.
Maybe it was a good thing.
Those annoying kids...
...you couldn't have left them alone.
You are amazing.
Since we came to Tokyo
six years ago...
...you graduated
from professional school...
...got certified
and become a store manager.
You are making your dreams come true.
But me, I have been....
Why are you showing weakness?
It's not like you.
You were called Eikichi the Evil.
Whining don't match your image.
When we first came to Tokyo,
we promised....
I know, I know.
I bet I'm fired.
Onizuka-sensei!
-Here he comes.
-What did you do?
Here we go.
-We are absolutely stunned. Really.
-I knew it.
-You are a very promising teacher!
-It'd be nice if I could ask them...
... to pretend that
they heard nothing about it.
I understand.
What?!
Like I said, our principal said
he'd like you to join our faculty.
Well, we were so amazed to hear...
...that those delinquent students
would clean the school...
...because they respect you
and they want you to become a teacher.
What did you do to transform them
into such good students?
Attention, everyone!
Onizuka-sensei has arrived!
Good morning, Onizuka-sensei!
Good morning!
Please tell me
what you did, Onizuka-sensei.
Teacher, thank you very much
for yesterday.
What you told us was very moving!
Well, just a little bit
of tough love.
Did you hear about
the student teacher in Class O?
You mean he salvaged
that delinquent Class O?
Amazing!
He can't be an ordinary guy
to rehabilitate them.
That's right. I heard he used
to be in a hot-rod gang.
Really?
Okay, that's good. Next. Watanabe.
Thank you for your hard work
today, Onizuka-sensei!
We would appreciate
your instruction tomorrow.
It's awesome you tamed them so well.
You did a great job.
You think so?
The whole school is talking about you,
about the amazing student teacher.
I envy you.
You're the principal's favorite.
You've pretty much secured your job.
No, no. It's not that.
You might be a better teacher
than you think.
Me? I don't know.
If you say so.
You could be right.
See you. I'm pretty busy too.
Teacher.
It's becoming reality, seriously.
If I don't cause trouble, I'll secure
the teaching position of my dreams.
Yoo-poo!
What the hell is "yoo-poo"?
Say it correctly.
Oops! You are acting
a little cold, teacher.
Don't bug me. Go away.
That's too bad.
Nana wanted to praise you.
Praise?
I'm the one who developed
that torture-a-teacher trap!
Usually, the victim stops
coming to school...
...or he would pay the money.
You are awesome, teacher.
I commend you.
Someone like you is called a devil.
Hurry home.
I don't have time for games.
Hey! You are really irritating me!
Teacher, don't you wanna come
to my house?
-Absolutely not. No way.
-Here.
If you come, I will give you
panties fresh off my butt!
Fresh off your....
No! Eikichi Onizuka, 22 years old.
This is a trap. Get her off!
But if I keep going,
the wind will lift up her miniskirt...
... and she's not wearing....
It feels good to ride a motorcycle!
What is she up to?
Why is she inviting me to her house?
I wonder if there is more
to that trap.
Yeah, that's it. That must be it!
No, don't be fooled, Eikichi Onizuka,
22 years old.
I won't fall for a young girl,
even without underwear.
I won't fall for what's
under that skirt.
I won't, I won't.
What are you expecting, teacher?
Could it be this?
You are blushing. How cute!
Wow, what a huge house!
Is beer okay?
Make yourself comfortable!
I don't touch anything, even
if I stretch my arms and legs!
It's like a showroom.
There is no dust on the floor.
A maid comes in twice a week
to clean the house.
Your family is rich for real.
That's not important.
Here is your beer.
Thanks! But I don't trust you yet.
Just because you are rich doesn't mean
you can manipulate me with money.
I will not sell my soul
for small change.
Wow, sushi!
Are you having guests today?
-That must be for me.
-Yours?
I'll be late. Eat this.
Mom
Look, it's Chu-toro!
And Oh-toro!
Isn't this a super-deluxe combo?
Hey, Mizuki!
You're not gonna eat this
by yourself, are you?
For the sake of our relationship,
I will be happy with Oh-toro.
No, you can have Oh-toro.
Maybe you can give me Chu-toro.
Oh-toro, sea urchin, salmon roe!
Shit! It got mixed with garbage
when the trash can fell.
Let's go for a drive!
It felt so good to ride a motorcycle.
Please, please, please!
I might be able to save some
if I look carefully.
Please, let me spend
the night at your place.
Oh-toro is the fatty part
of tuna's belly.
The ones from black tunas caught
offshore in Hokkaido during winter...
...are the best.
Please let me spend the night.
Just tonight!
Black tunas between 86 and 150 kg...
...are less stringy and considered
most suitable for sushi.
Now it is considered king
of nigiri sushi.
Please, please,
I don't want to go home.
The smooth flavor and texture
delights gourmets...
...all over the world.
Teacher!
Don't nag me.
What were you thinking?
You're crazy! What the hell?!
I don't want to go home!
I would rather die than go home.
I'm sorry.
I just wanted to do
something outrageous.
Did you eat sukiyaki I made
for you the other night?
I don't waste food.
We used to cook sukiyaki a lot.
Those days, we were living
in a tiny apartment.
The payday once a month
was sukiyaki day.
That day, my mom bought
meat and vegetables...
...from the grocery store
where she worked.
I would wait with my dad
for her to come home...
...and cook dinner together.
I enjoyed it very much.
But I think my dad
and mom didn't like it.
So my dad opened a restaurant
and my mom studied to get a license.
They started working a lot
and built a company.
We moved to a bigger house.
I was given my own room. And my dad
had a room and my mom had a room.
After a while, we stopped eating
sukiyaki together.
Funny, isn't it?
I thought it'd be more fun
if we lived in a bigger house.
My dad and mom worked hard for it.
Our house now has a thick wall
between his room and her room.
The wall is very cold
if you touch it.
Nanako, when we become rich someday,
we will live in a huge house.
That's right. We will have a yard
and put in a swing set.
We'll build your own room too.
-Really? Are you sure?
-Of course!
Teacher, I wonder what happened.
I lied about
that arranged-marriage meeting.
I want to go back to those days:
My dad, my mom and myself...
...in that tiny apartment.
I don't want to see
that thick, cold wall anymore.
Why are you whining
about a wall or two?
In my apartment,
a young couple lives next door.
I can hear their giggles
and moaning. How I envy--
No, that's irrelevant.
We cannot....
We cannot go back to the past
no matter how much we try.
No matter how wonderful it was,
the past is nothing but the past.
That's so....
Mizuki, go back to your house.
Teacher!
Stupid! I hope you get killed!
Okay, that will be fine.
This is a rare occasion.
You never come home this early.
What's gotten into you?
-There was a call from your store.
-Where is Nanako?
Nanako? Nanako!
I always tell you to take
your calls in your own room.
Look who's talking. Don't give out
our home number to weird women.
-Wasn't her name Mitsuko?
-She is a client!
-Yeah, right!
-What do you mean?
Yes? What is it?
What's wrong? What's the yelling
about? Hey, who are you?
I'm a teacher.
Eikichi Onizuka, 22 years old.
I came to pay a visit
to my student's house.
Teacher?
That's a lie. There is no way
you could be a teacher!
Teacher!
What?
Where are you going? Hey!
You're a teacher at Nanako's school?
Hey, wait a minute!
-I'm gonna call the police!
-Is this it?
Stop!
-Wait, aren't you a teacher?
-Are you listening?
Say something!
Nanako!
Mizuki, is this the one?
Is this the wall
you were talking about?
-Yes.
-Nanako!
What do you want? Money?
We have no cash here!
Stop! What are you doing?
Have you gone insane?
Aren't you a teacher?
Let's call the police!
Nanako, come over here! Nanako!
See, Mizuki? The wall you hated...
...I destroyed it for you!
Now you take it from here.
Hello, police?
Please come right away!
A strange man is here--
-Nanako, what are you doing?
-Hey, you, wait a minute!
Let go, Nanako! Nanako!
Wait!
Well, everyone, it was short,
but it was a good experience.
I will keep striving to become
the greatest teacher in Japan.
Thank you.
You are the best, Onizuka-sensei!
Bonehead guys! Why are you
so attached to a teacher?
Shut up!
Onizuka-sensei is awesome!
It's finally over, student teaching.
How was it?
Everyone, look at this!
My students gave me
such a wonderful....
I have never been moved like this
in my entire life!
What happened to Osawa-kun?
I heard that he was expelled
because he seduced a student.
I am not surprised.
Well, we will have to do
a good job starting in April.
Didn't you say you didn't
want to be a teacher?
I promised my students
that I will be back in April.
Now, someone is motivated!
Dear teacher:
Thank you for the other day.
After, we were busy
with the police...
...and with having family meetings.
My dad and mom were
very upset at first.
But now, they don't want to fight.
Thanks to that, we have
more time to spend together.
On top of that...
... I witnessed...
... my dad and mom smiling at each
other through the hole in the wall.
They looked a little embarrassed.
But, as soon as the wall was fixed,
they stopped talking again.
But it will be fine.
This time I will destroy the wall
between them in their hearts.
Little by little,
no matter how long it may take...
...I will do it.
It was fun, teacher!
Make sure you become a teacher!
I will remain a virgin
and wait for you!
You should be 10 years older
to say that, kid!
You're not taking me seriously.
Then....
See?
Great.
TEACHER BANZAI
You and me, let's go away
To look for new emotions today
Together we can overcome
Because I want to enjoy a new tomorrow
Open your eyes and open the door
The world in front of your eyes
I want to go out
With my favorite sounds
I will taste my childhood emotions
I'm here to enjoy the sunlight
I'm enjoying myself
More than in the past
I want to see you, but I can't
So I just embrace my love
Even walking on a crowded street
Your smile makes my head spin
-PREVIEW
-Why are you looking at me like that?
EIKICHI ONIZUKA
-HIROSHI UCHIYAMADA
-What?
-AZUSA FUYUTSUKI
-I'm so nervous.
Now, I will be GDO.